single.md: responding to issue #5459 (#178)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/parallel-dispatch/single.md

# `fence()`

> 

Reviewer: why is there a `fence()` call here?

Reviewer: If it was intended to be the title it should also contain a label so other pages can reference it.

Header File: `Kokkos_Core.hpp`

Usage:

```c++
In a parallel dispatch statement, execute a lambda once per Thread or Team.
- Kokkos::single` accepts two policies:
  - Kokkos::PerTeam restricts execution of the lambda's body to once per team
  - Kokkos::PerThread restricts execution of the lambda body to once per thread (i.e., to only one vector lane in a thread).

> ```

Reviewer: I think the c++ block in this section should contain a 1-2 line call that conveys how it is used.

> The `single` function can take two arguments:  an execution `Policy` and a `Lambda`.  `Kokkos::single` is only valid for the `Lambda` to capture variables by value (i.e., [=], and not [&]). That `Lambda` takes zero arguments or one argument by reference.  If `Lambda` takes one argument, the final value of that argument is broadcast to every executor, for example, every vector lane of the Thread, or every Thread (and vector lane) of the Team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `single` function can take two arguments:  an execution `Policy` and a `Lambda`.  `Kokkos::single` is only valid if the `Lambda` captures variables by value (i.e., [=], and not [&]). The `Lambda` can take zero or one arguments by reference.  If it takes one argument, the final value of that argument is broadcast to every executor, for example, every vector lane of the Thread, or every Thread (and vector lane) of the Team. 
```

## Interface

```c++
Kokkos::single(Policy,Lambda);
```

### Parameters

> - `Policy`: Defines how the execution will be performed (in the context of a parallel dispatch statement)..

Reviewer: I would either remove the list of one item or add the second argument and an explanation for it, even though it might seem obvious.

> - `Policy`: Defines how the execution will be performed (in the context of a parallel dispatch statement)..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Policy`: Defines how the execution will be performed (in the context of a parallel dispatch statement).
```

### Requirements

- `Kokkos::single(Policy,Lambda)` can be called inside an existing parallel region (i.e. inside the `operator()` of a functor or `Lambda`).

> 

Reviewer: The requirements are in the description. I think it would make sense to consolidate it somehow.

## Semantics

> - Focuses execution in parallel regions to a single work item for the `Policy`.

Reviewer: I would delete this section

## Examples

```
using Kokkos::parallel_for;
using Kokkos::parallel_reduce;
using Kokkos::TeamThreadRange;
using Kokkos::ThreadVectorRange;

> using Kokkos::PerThread;

Reviewer: I think we should get rid of these here and use the namespace in the call as we do for `Single` in the example.

> TeamPolicy<...> policy (...);

Reviewer: could you make the example compilable?

> typedef TeamPolicy<...>::member_type team_member;

Reviewer: I would not mix using and typedef
